docs: Scheduler resource tracking metrics (#24910)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-metrics.md

cloudprovider_gce_api_request_duration_seconds { request = "list_disk"}
```

### kube-scheduler metrics

> {{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.20" state="alpha" >}}

Reviewer: Please check to see if this needs to be added to https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/

If it does, please don't forget to add a description as well.

Author: This does not add a new feature gate, the gating is controlled by the existing metrics stability guarantees

The scheduler exposes optional metrics that reports the requested resources and the desired limits of all running
pods. These metrics can be used to build capacity planning dashboards, assess current or historical scheduling limits,
quickly identify workloads that cannot schedule due to lack of resources, and compare actual usage to the pod's request.

> Every pod reports one metrics series for every non-zero resource request or limit. The pod namespace, name, scheduled
> node, priority, and assigned scheduler are reported as labels. Once a pod reaches completion (has a `restartPolicy` of

Reviewer 2: Is this accurate:
```suggestion
The kube-scheduler identifies the resource
[requests and limits](/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/)
configured for each Pod; when either a request or limit is non-zero, the kube-scheduler
reports a metrics timeseries. The time series is labelled by:

- namespace
- pod name
- the node where the pod is scheduled
  (the time series only published once the pod is assigned to a node)
- priority
- the assigned scheduler for that pod
- the name of the resource (for example, `cpu`)

Once a pod reaches completion (has a `restartPolicy` of
```
?

Author: Two fixes:

* The time series is reported even if the pod is not scheduled
* The resource unit is reported as a label when known (for resources defined in the Kubernetes model)

`Never` or `OnFailure` and is in the `Succeeded` or `Failed` pod phase, or has been deleted and all containers have a
terminated state) the series is no longer reported since the scheduler is now free to schedule other pods to run. The
two metrics are called `kube_pod_resource_request` and `kube_pod_resource_limit`.

The metrics are exposed at the HTTP endpoint `/metrics/resources` and require the same authorization as the `/metrics`

> endpoint on the scheduler. You must use the `--show-hidden-metrics-for-version` flag to expose these alpha stability metrics.

Reviewer 2: I would move
>  You must use the `--show-hidden-metrics-for-version` flag to expose these alpha stability metrics.

to just below the heading “kube-scheduler metrics”.

Reviewer 2: What value should the cluster admin set to enable these metrics?

Author: Sorry, `1.20` so `--show-hidden-metrics-for-version=1.20` (unless I'm misreading the flag)
